36 run anana raouuuemrrous or narra.

the best native speakers of Latin differed among them-
selves in theory and practice, but labored harmonicusly
and to the end to come nearer to the ideal pronuncia-
ti0n‚ so there is no ground for discouragement orior
detracti0n‚ if those who would restore the ancient pro·
nunciation still differ in many points, and perhaps in
all points fall below the true standard.

The preceding paragraphs have been employed in
substance by Roman Latinists‚ to show that their dii-
fereuees were not so much to be wondered at, because
the Romans themselves differed in some important par·
ticulars. The meaning is not that Caesar, Cicero, and
others did not understand how to pronounce their
vernacular, but the meaning is that the differenees
among the Romans themselves, even among their most

learned men, make it very difficult for people in our ’

day to find out what the true pronunciation was on the
partos any oi them. No scholare are more awareoi .
the state of facts under consideration than many of
those who have written in favor of the so-called Roman
method. ·

Wh'eu Latinists‚ who insist on the reformed system,
differ among themselves on so many points, both iu
theory and practice, and justify their differenees by
asserting that the Latine differed among themselves, a
thing admitted, the question may be gravely asked
whether or not Corssem Roby, and others have really
ever resurrected the ancient pronunciation at all. At 1
any rate, does not euch a condition os things somewhat
palliate the offence of those who still prefer ¹to employ
what'may be termed an “old-sashioned” and settled ,
pronunciatiou? Further, Brambach's testimony, just
under this head, is invaluable:-

 

