114 rna runnu psonuncmrrous ou curru.

&gre Latin 66696696, though it has been used for three Ἴ
undred years in England. Let it be admitted that ⁴ ³
the so-called Roman system, as advocated by Corssen
and Roby‚ sandy as its basis is, at least inyitahparts
is theoretically correct. Let its claims‚ based l'argely
on probabilities, all be conceded; still, admitting the
correctness of a theory and reducing that theory to
practice are radically and vitally different. My posi·
tion rs therefore, most unhesitato tingly taken that for
English· -speaking people the English pronunciation rs
the best Some of the reasons will be brietlyst tated. —

1. The last edition of Webster's Dictionary claims
120,000 words Os these, according to the highest
authority, only about23,000 are of Anglo-Saxon origin.
De Vere (page 43) says that'the'English.'i's tlie'only
European idiom that so combines the classic and Gothic
elemeuts as to make the Gothic the basis and the Latin
the superstructum.

. ¹ y According to Prof. Whitney‚ in his‘ ‘Life and
Growth of Languagess ’¹⁸‘ nearly five sevenths of the,
words contained 111 our large dict tronaries are cl clas· 1

' sical derivation and only about two sevenths native
Germanic. Far the greater part are from the Latin.

’ The same aut thor sayst that cur scientifio and philo·
sophical vocabulary comes mainly from the Lat tm.

The number of words derived from the Greek is con·
siderable‚ especially in scientific use, but sar less than
from the Latin. Take some of the richest Latin pre·

Χι fixes found 1n our language. With co or con as a
predux, we have5600 words cn or un 2,900, re, 2,2;00

XX dioran, 1,800; ud, 1,;600 de, 1,6;00 acb, 700· ,pra

*Whitney's Life and Grcwth oi Langnage‚ pp. 89, 117.

 

