cHAPrnR 111.

ROMAN ΜΕΤΗΟΙ).

Twnwrr years ago there were only two methods used
in the United States, the English and the Continental,
and popular favor was rather with the former. In what
is called the Latin, or Rci'onned mode, Prof. Halde·
man, of the University of Pennsylvania, enjoys, and
deservedly‚ the reputation of being the first explorer.

ἵ His work was publiahed as early as 1851. That' mode
now, however, is most intimately associated with the
name of Qomsen, in Germany, and Rohy, in England,
whose exhaustive works would be an honor to any
nation. Both works have been published in the last

. twenty years. Prof Lane, of Bost t‚0n int troduced the .

Roman pronunciation in New England, and its intro·
duction' m the South rs largely due to Prof Blair, of
Hampden Sidney, Virginis, and Prof. Gildersleeve, of
Johns Hopkins University, Baitimore. Whatever con·
quests that system has made anywhere in the world, ⁵
have becn achicved within the brief space of ten years
past.

But what does this new mode claim? Why, it claims
to be the genuine Latin method, the true ancient pro·
nunciation restored ,· to pronounce words as they fell
from the lips of Cicero, Virgil, and Horace. If this
claim be well founded, then it is no new doctrine, but
a very old one. Any dissent in this treatiae from the
opinions of others, however emphatic the dissent may

 

